Document syncset. (#339)
openshift/hive: docs/syncset.md

# SyncSet

## Overview

> `SyncSet` and `SelectorSyncSet` objects facilitate resource management (create, update, delete, patch) in hive-managed clusters.

Reviewer: I'd add something like:
> To use `SyncSet` objects to manage resources, you must create them in the same namespace as the `ClusterDeployment` resource that they manage. If you want to manage resources in clusters that match a specific tag, use `SelectorSyncSet` objects instead. These objects apply changes to clusters in any namespace that match the `clusterDeploymentSelector` that you set.

> With both `SyncSets` and `SelectorSyncSets`, the individual resources and patches are reapplied when 2 hours have passed since their last reconciliation or if their contents are updated in the `SyncSet` or `SelectorSyncSets`.

> If you want to place the name that share a namespace with the `SyncSet`. `SyncSets` may contain a list of resource object definitions to create and a list of patches which are applied to existing objects.

## SyncSet Object Definition

> A `SyncSet` manages objects in clusters referenced by `ClusterDeployment` name that share a namespace with the `SyncSet`. `SyncSets` may contain a list of resource object definitions to create and a list of patches which are applied to existing objects.

Reviewer: I'd just say
> `SyncSets` can contain a list of resource object definitions to create and a list of patches that are applied to existing objects.

> Individual resources and patches will be reapplied if 2 hours have passed since their last reconcilation or if their contents were updated within the `SyncSet`.

Reviewer: If this applies to both `SyncSets` and `SelectorSyncSets`, I'd say it in the intro.

```yaml
---
apiVersion: hive.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: SyncSet
metadata:
  name: mygroup
spec:
  clusterDeploymentRefs:
  - name: ClusterName

  resourceApplyMode: Upsert

  resources:
  - apiVersion: user.openshift.io/v1
    kind: Group
    metadata:
      name: mygroup
    users:
    - myuser

  patches:
  - kind: ConfigMap
    apiVersion: v1
    name: foo
    namespace: default
    applyMode: AlwaysApply
    patch: |-
      { "data": { "foo": "new-bar" } }
    patchType: merge
```

| Field | Usage |
|-------|-------|
| `clusterDeploymentRefs` | List of `ClusterDeployment` names in the current namespace which the `SyncSet` will apply to. |

> | `resourceApplyMode` | Defaults to `"Upsert"` which indicates that objects will be created and updated. `"Sync"` indicates that previosuly created objects that are detected missing from defined `resources` will be deleted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resourceApplyMode` | Defaults to `"Upsert"`, which indicates that objects will be created and updated to match the `SyncSet`. Existing resources that are not listed in the `SyncSet` are retained. Specify `"Sync"` to delete existing objects that are not include in the `resources` list. |
```

| `resources` | A list of resource object definitions. Resources will be created in the referenced clusters. |

> | `patches` | A list of patches to apply to existing resources in the referenced clusters. `patch` `applyMode` defaults to `"AlwaysApply"` which applies the patch every 2 hours. `"ApplyOnce"` may be set instead to only apply the patch once. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `patches` | A list of patches to apply to existing resources in the referenced clusters. You can include any valid cluster object type in the list. By default, the `patch` `applyMode` value is `"AlwaysApply"`, which applies the patch every 2 hours. You can also specify`"ApplyOnce"` to apply the patch only once. | 
```
